vmalert: fix rule state display on the `Groups` page (#11230)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/): fix rule state display on the `Groups` page in the web UI. See [#11160](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11160).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/): fix rule state badges displayed on the `Groups` page in the web UI. See [#11160](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/11160).
```
